Update collections doc (#4660)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/console/uibuilder/collections.mdx

1. Create a collection from a component
2. Link collection to a data model
3. Set filters to customize what data should be displayed
4. Set sort conditions to customize how the data should be displayed

> 5. Components that already have data model bindings, automatically map data to child elements. For components that do not have data model bindings, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If your component doesn't have a property backed by a data model, then you need to manually map a component's property to a designated data model field.
```

![Screenshot showing data binding](/images/console/ui-collections-databind.png)

### Set filters

> Filters help control what records can be displayed in a collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters control what records can be displayed in a collection:
```

![Screenshot showing setting filters](/images/console/ui-collections-set-filters.png)

### Set sort conditions

> Sort conditions help control the direction records can be displayed in a collection 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sort conditions control the direction records are displayed in a collection.
```
